and there, guys, okay, not max again
here with you today I'm going to talk about a
subject that may have already entered several
times in the life of a lot of music
mainly the military
What's the motivation?
what here I do not even know the motivation
It's what inspires you to change, right?
if you can stay motivated
inspired to leave aside the part of the
lack of motivation is not you getting mean
do you think the program will give you time
problem that you are not being good
developing if you really
keep you inspired and focused
You will succeed, will you continue?
learning evolution is coming to
few this seems obvious right now but sometimes
this part is misunderstood
let's take a look at this as it would look
that's badly explained
a long time ago from my colleague
arrived and said so on the internet
Dude, I love the way you touch me.
I think it's really cool I really wanted to have
this discipline you have to sit down and
study but I can not
So I ended up talking to him, right?
talking a few things giving some
touches but then I stopped and went to think
the guy has nothing to do with discipline
and if the question of motivation I do not
was forcing me to sit and play type
You have to touch her all the time in the face that is
the will that you have for your motivation
of you to sit your inspiration
You sit there, will you practice or will you?
is going to play this is something the guy
comes from within you is not the fact of
You arrive at you and now I have
to sit have to be listening to this
Is not this bina for me a motivation?
and that's what I explained to the great
question for this is you find the
next what inspires you
There are people who do not even think about
So obvious I take in case is the music
But it is so obvious that the person
think but if you really have
that afternoon scheme motivated notice
Shandong little wise afternoon side let's
to think more or less let's reason
in the following way what really
inspire there
in fact for everyone in charge
Overall is the song
but we feel more motivated and
inspired when we start to see
that our accountability is being
better that it 's a way to play more
needs faster when we see the
improvement is we have an improvement or to
A lot of people are motivated to play
band is going up on stage
So what do you have to do?
you can find senta do
ask yourself what else you
put on the touching part when you are
playing avoid what you like the most
Do you want to play faster, do you want to?
do you want to compare Russia?
other guitarist what you want to do
this question for yourself makes a
Interiorization asks the question for you
yourself and your results and see which will be
the answer to think of the response of this
question and shallon will make you see the
there right choice about what you want
and stay focused on what you
You really need to study if you
keep focused you will arrive at
ideal you present
sure as now that you should
practice what you should practice and
practice still has a music school
doing private lessons playing a
band
are different actions and each action will have
a different consequence you want
there after you saw the response
question you asked yourself
you have to reveal what it feels like
What should you take to have more to do?
with the choice you made
after you've found the answer to your
question is you need to keep
focused on this because because day to day
You will have other tasks to do.
Do you have a working shield in that?
you have to accomplish and other things
that leave this part aside
so what you have to do is keep
focus and do not let other things
will be more important the so important
with the desire that you have to
you realize sometimes the lack of
motivation joke motivation can be
given the following when we see that
the ideal that we are here we will arrive
It's far from where we are at
time
maybe this time it's time for you
reassessing your goal is to evaluate your
way of studying and the attention you need
be changed to the focus you have always is
good you re-evaluate your goal
have some time not that you have a
place but change the way you arrive and
try to keep yourself motivated and
enthusiastic look to see your
little progress on the right day
only small improvements are the
little steps you go up
grandson in search of his goal to come back
to build this arrival then the
three for marriage
This look to son in soccer today
second
make the right choices the third
keeps the performances for sure you
Your video does not arrive below.